c:\users\evtim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GameEditor\GameEditor\bin\Debug\GameEditor.exe.config
c:\users\evtim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GameEditor\GameEditor\bin\Debug\GameEditor.exe
c:\users\evtim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GameEditor\GameEditor\bin\Debug\GameEditor.pdb
c:\users\evtim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GameEditor\GameEditor\obj\Debug\GameEditor.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\evtim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GameEditor\GameEditor\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\evtim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GameEditor\GameEditor\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\evtim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GameEditor\GameEditor\obj\Debug\GameEditor_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\evtim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GameEditor\GameEditor\obj\Debug\GameEditor_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\evtim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GameEditor\GameEditor\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\evtim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GameEditor\GameEditor\obj\Debug\GameEditor.g.resources
c:\users\evtim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GameEditor\GameEditor\obj\Debug\GameEditor.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\evtim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GameEditor\GameEditor\obj\Debug\GameEditor.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\evtim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GameEditor\GameEditor\obj\Debug\GameEditor.exe
c:\users\evtim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GameEditor\GameEditor\obj\Debug\GameEditor.pdb
c:\users\evtim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GameEditor\GameEditor\obj\Debug\NewGame.g.cs
c:\users\evtim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GameEditor\GameEditor\obj\Debug\NewGame.baml
C:\Users\Evtim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GameEditor\GameEditor\bin\Debug\GameEditorData.dll
C:\Users\Evtim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GameEditor\GameEditor\bin\Debug\GameEditorModels.dll
C:\Users\Evtim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GameEditor\GameEditor\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Evtim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GameEditor\GameEditor\bin\Debug\GameEditorData.pdb
C:\Users\Evtim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GameEditor\GameEditor\bin\Debug\GameEditorModels.pdb
C:\Users\Evtim\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\GameEditor\GameEditor\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
